XSUP-34767 - treat utfbom8 flag as string and not bool (#33622)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_33_45.md

#### Scripts

##### SanePdfReports

> - Fixed an issue where script flag arguments treated as bool instead of string when using them as internal command arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where script flag arguments were treated as boolean instead of string when using them as internal command arguments.
```
